Contributor Training Blog on Traefik Router (#219)
ddev/ddev.com: src/content/blog/watch-ddev-local-new-casual-webhosting-feature.md

## Server setup

1. Spin up a server. I used Linode, and recommend using Ubuntu 24.04.
2. Point DNS to both the server and a test version of the site. Your server should have a name but it doesn’t completely matter. But do point a domain to your site, for example `test.<yoursite>.com` will let you verify that everything is working.
3. Set up a firewall and enable HTTP, HTTPS, and SSH traffic, `ufw allow 80 && ufw allow 443 && ufw allow 22 && ufw enable`.
4. Create your sudo-privileged user (`useradd -m <username>`; `usermod -aG sudo <username>`) and set up for SSH.

## Site Setup

1. Log in as the user you’ve created.
2. Install Docker ([docs](https://ddev.readthedocs.io/en/stable/users/install/docker-installation/#linux). Don’t forget the post-install action required of adding your user to the Docker group, `sudo usermod -aG docker $USER`.
3. Check out the site code.
4. `cd` into your project and `ddev config`, then `ddev config --additional-fqdns=test.your.fqdn`

> 5. `ddev config global --router-bind-all-interfaces --omit-containers=dba,ddev-ssh-agent --use-hardened-images --use-letsencrypt --letsencrypt-email=you@example.com` will set DDEV to listen on all interfaces (not only localhost), use the hardened images, and configure Let’s Encrypt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. `ddev config global --router-bind-all-interfaces --omit-containers=ddev-ssh-agent --use-hardened-images --performance-mode=none --use-letsencrypt --letsencrypt-email=you@example.com` will set DDEV to listen on all interfaces (not only localhost), use the hardened images, and configure Let’s Encrypt.
```
